phone cases you didn't know you wanted
this is the dice case which is great for
board games that require five dice
that's actually really cool but just
imagine the sound every single time you
take a step the aroma therapy case
though is even more curious why does
this look exactly like an Apple Mac Pro
and then this is the aroma
diffuser o that's like nice cologne next
up is the astronaut case so this visor
over here it's two things when it's
closed it Shields the cameras when it's
open not horizontal stand for the phone
the Supercar case not only looks like a
car but also has a built-in spoiler with
a retractable stand on the inside and
then it's got this lenticular image of a
car that looks like it's driving through
Easter eggs so this is the anti- drop
case so you place your phone inside lid
goes on top all right so when you want
to use it you slide it up and then you
lock it in place and then anytime you're
not you basically have an
unbreakable device subscribe and I'll
use this for a week